## 1. Since we live now, more than when Lewis wrote, in a PostChristian Society, what concerns or questions come to mind as you read this chapter on a Christian society? 
We live in a world more and more connected, the individuals who say what people want to hear get the most followings and therefore the most vocal power, thus more and more people learn about and gravitate towards them. This chapter was enlightening and difficult. I am convicted personally because of it, I spent charity money I saved up to give at the end of the year, money I set aside for others. I spent that so that I could pay off a credit card.... so that I could drive a.... lexus, so that i could get the laptop im typing on.... so that i could eat out at nice places on singular meals that cost more than whole families spend on groceries in a month. This is not what i want to hear, i want to hear to "treat yo self" and that "you deserve nice things" but what have i dont to deserve them? 

This hits me as a christian trying to be a better man. What worries me is the rest of the world that appears to be NPCs because that follow whatever influencer that makes them feel the most justified. We are told to treat ourselves constantly. Even told we're less than if we're not driving the latest car, playing with the latest phones, following the latest influencer... We are swirling the toilet as a society, it's only a matter of time when we're flushed or it turns out there is too much shit and we just stagnate until excessive force takes over.

## 2. In what way is the church responsible to create a Christian society, ¶ 3?
The church is responsible not for creating christian society, but in enabling those to act in their fields in a christian way. To live life as a cloud security engineer makes little sense for the kingdom from a "textbook" manner, but what I get the opportunity for is to show excellence to others, show them the light, make them ask "damn, something is just different about Brad, i want that" I need to be better

## 3. How would a Christian society break the stereotypes of both the political left and right, ¶s 4 and 5? 
It wouldn't focus on one side against the other, it would take the logical equilibrium of "do to others what you'd have them do to you" without being on a "side". Our political system has polluted itself so much that it seems when one party makes a statement, right or wrong, the other party immediately believes in the opposite. This takes out all common sense and individual courage to stand up for what's truly right and wrong in the world.

## 4. As Lewis describes it, what attracts you to the idea of a Christian society? What concerns do you have about a Christian society?
What attracts me is a world where everyone wants to do right by one-another. The concern is with human nature, not doing it for the sake of the kingdom but doing it because they have to, which tends to lead to spiteful reasoning and eventually a downfall of selfish behaviors. The undulation of human nature is so unpredictable it's almost predictable. A society and a life without a little attitude is kinda boring. Like in a relationship. The best ways a relationship grows is under tribulations. Not saying that's what I want in my relationships but to live in a perfect "la-de-da" world is boring and unsatisfying. To grow with one-another and overcome tribulations, challenges, hardships - yields strengthened, hardened warriors. There is no force that can come against them an prevail.

