## 1. The Law of Nature as it refers to most of nature is descriptive—it describes how nature acts. However, the Law of Human nature is prescriptive—it says how humans ought to act, ¶ 3. What clues does this provide for understanding the world, ¶s 4 and 5?
There is no Laws of Lion Nature. A lion kills other prides, animals, eats raw flesh, sits in the sun, etc. How it ought to behave is how it behaves. It doesn't have "as much" free-will, or any at all. Humans have free-will and the self-consciousness to recognize that and act on that.
As such, we can see with more understanding of this world and understanding and awareness for our kind, we see and empathize more. This gives us a responsibility or duty. A given duty cannot come from ourselves inherently. If it did then we'd be "survival of the fittest" much like the lion. Lion is one animal, humans are the ONLY animal with this level of self-awareness, thus dictating all animals except for humans follow a "law". We have a duty and we are unique, therefore we have a higher purpose than a lion. We see problems in the world, it is our duty to steward this world and solve the problems. This all implies a duty given by a higher power.
## 2. What clues do we have, in a culture that is committed to a material/naturalistic understanding of the world, that there is actually something “beyond”, ¶ 6?
Volunteers of all types. See above but we have a duty and responsibility to be stewards of this world. As such, we see all manner of folks from various worldviews who volunteer to help be stewards and fulfill this duty.
## 3. What encourages you to believe that there is more to the world than your five senses can perceive?
Please see the above - duty/responsibility, mission, stewardship